# The Lamb on the Throne

> How do we maintain our faith that God is in control when it seems circumstances say otherwise?

- Go to his word.
- Remember that God is not responsible for sin; man is.

> How were we created? How did we get here?

The lost world tries to answer the questions of life with science and reasoning.

God's word tells us the answers to these questions, and the end too.

The Bible tells us the salvation story.

The early Christians under Roman rule were oppressed and persecuted but they were bold. They were also persecuted by the Jews.
They were still able to stand strong even though they had much less if the written word.

Revelation 5 connects the Lion of Judah from Genesis to Christ. He is the only one who can open the seals. The Bible contrasts this of Christ's name with the form of a lamb, which is the form Christ takes on.

The lamb is worthy because he was slain and by his blood ransomer people for God. We were bought with a price; we are not our own.

> [!bible] [John 1:29 - NIV](https://bolls.life/NIV/43/1/)
> 29. Jesus the Lamb of God<br/>The next day John saw Jesus coming toward him and said, “Look, the Lamb of God, who takes away the sin of the world!

> [!bible] [John 1:34 - NIV](https://bolls.life/NIV/43/1/)
> 34. I have seen and I testify that this is the Son of God.”

> [!bible] [John 17:12 - NIV](https://bolls.life/NIV/43/17/)
> 12. While I was with them, I protected them and kept them safe by that name you gave me. None has been lost except the one doomed to destruction so that Scripture would be fulfilled.

> [!bible] [John 17:15 - NIV](https://bolls.life/NIV/43/17/)
> 15. My prayer is not that you take them out of the world but that you protect them from the evil one.

If we don't forgive ourselves, we say that Christ's blood wasn't good enough.

We read the Bible. It is the truth.

> [!bible] [Revelation 7:17 - NIV](https://bolls.life/NIV/66/7/)
> 17. For the Lamb at the center of the throne will be their shepherd;<br/>he will lead them to springs of living water.<br/>And God will wipe away every tear from their eyes.”

# What Happens after We Die?
The nature of human life is the bringing together of Body and Spirit.

What happens after we die(As Christians)?
**Things to know**
1. Death is an enemy.
2. Death us the payment for sin.
3. Death happens when the body's processes stop.
4. Death is *not* the end. 
Dead is dead, but dead is still existent. 

Death is the separation of body and spirit and where we still exist. 

When we die theologians say we are in an intermediate state, or 'Heaven'. Heaven is immediate. 

"Yes, we are of good courage, and we would rather be away from the gody and at home with the Lord." 

**What can we know about heaven**
- Heaven is immediate
- Heaven is incomplete
- Heaven is temporary
- Heaven is incomparable(with this life)

There isn't a specific indication that we won't have bodies in heaven. 

Heaven is going to be <u>with God</u>.
The new earth, God is coming to be <u>with us</u>.

> [!BIBLE]+ Philippians 1:23
> 23. I am had pressed between the two. My deaire is to depart and be <u>with Christ</u>, for <u>that is far better</u>

Why is heaven better than here

Who is there
What is there