# College group
## Gender and Sexuality
God created us to rule over the other of the world. God created us male and female, in his image. 


Image bearers to worship the king. We reflect his glory, character, and rule in ways others cannot .

We do not do this job perfectly, though, because of sin. Sin makes us not reflect perfectly, creates smudges. Even though everything about us has been changed by sin, one can still see the image of God in them. 
### Sex
God created sex simply for between a man and a women in an intended lifelong marriage. Sex is for reproduction and enjoyment between the marriage. Sexual immorality is big. 

The body is important to God. We will get new bodies in the new heaven. 
# From Burden to Broken
Call to salvation comes first in Christian life. God has created to be a part of his kingdom. 

Nehimiah had a specific call. All callings has a starting point where God places things on our heart. 

Now Hanani brought to Nehemiah the problem about the exiles in Jerusalem. 

Selfless motive: compassion, empathy, and kindness. 

Respect God's authority in a prayer. 

> [!bible] [Proverbs 9:10 - NIV](https://bolls.life/NIV/20/9/)
> 10. “The fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom,<br/>and knowledge of the Holy One is understanding.

Nehemiah is understanding and aligning himself to God's wants and he is learning from the experience. 

Depend on God's provision. Nehemiah's prayer/call revolved around God's promise. We should follow this. 

**What does an opportunity that glorifies God look like?**
It always points towards God's plan for restoration and redemption of his people and creation. 

**What prepares us for the burden that glorifies God**
Brokenness over the need for restoration and redemption of God's creation. 

Intimate intention prayer. Don't just start when started. 

**What promotes the movement of God's people.** 
The Strong Hand of God. God's provision and wisdom. 

If you have faith and follow, God will provide. Don't worry about physical concerns, if that is where God wants you, he will provide. 
---\
> What are the opprotunities near me? What am I missing? Am Ilistening to God? Am I shutting him out? 